How did viewing a FC(windows) or diff(Mac) between two versions of a file help you spot the bug?
	It was helpful in saving time by only comparing the lines of code where changes were actually made between the old and new file. This made it easier to spot bugs and typos between the two versions.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
	Having easy access to an entire file history helps you to go back to a point where the program was working properly to help find any errors in the newer file.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	The pros of manually choosing when to create a commit is being able to control the size of the commit to make it more manageable at logical points of change in the program code. Automatically saving can create two many versions at likely illogical points that would be confusing when reviewing prior versions.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	Version control systems like Git allow saving multiple files in one commit as projects like web design involve separate documents that are dependent of one another, like HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files. Google Docs is not likely to have separate files that are dependent on one another.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	You can use git log to display the history of commit files in a repository and what changes were made for each commit and then use git diff to compare two different commit IDs to see what lines were added and what lines were deleted to make the changes.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	You can feel more confident making changes that could break something with verson control because you have the ability to go back to a working version using git log and git checkout.